Channels Required:
#sign-ups
#event-description
#tasks
#submissions
#results

--- #sign-ups
participants use
!register <rsn>
to sign up, in which their discord_id and rsn will be entered
into the database

event staff use
!assign <@user> <teamX>
to assign a given user to a team, which will be updated
in the database

--- #event-description
should be locked, with just one post of !description
and the bot response of what the description / rules are

1. Every X hours, EventBot will make a new post in
    #tasks with a new boss to kill and a list of
    eligible drops.

2. If you obtain any of the eligible drops before a new task is
    posted, submit a valid screenshot in #submissions. The first
    drop per task, per team will be accepted and count for the majority 
    of that tasks possible points, however multiple submissions by a team
    will be accepted and will award much less points.
    For example, if the current task is Vorkath and you submit
    the Dragonbone Necklace for team 1, any other submissions for
    team 1 will only award a small amount of points, whereas the
    initial Dragonbone Necklace will be worth a lot.

3. Event Staff will be going through #subsmissions and assigning
    valid submissions with a reaction of :one: :two: or :three:
    based on the order that they were submitted, and the bot will
    assign points based on these reactions. If it is a repeat
    submission, event staff should react with a :white_check_mark:

4. The first team to submit a valid drop gets the :one:
    reaction, and will receive 3x the base amount of points.
    The second team gets the :two: reaction, and receives 2x the
    base amount of points. 
    The third team to submit gets the :three: reaction, and receives
    the base amount of points. Multiple submissions from any team, regardless
    of the order their initial drop was submitted, will be awarded 25% the
    base amount of points.
    
    This way the sooner a drop is submitted in your teams name,
    the more points your team will receive for that task. However
    for those who want to continue doing the content, they still
    have the opportunity to contribute.

5. There is a 10% chance that the task generated will be designated
    as a Golden Task, and point values for these tasks will be worth
    double, including repeat submissions (50% base amount of points
    rather than the regular 25%).

6. The #results channel will be updated every 24 hours with
    a new message of the current team rankings and top
    contributors from each team. (Top contributors based on points,
    not on amount of submissions)

--- #tasks
Only the bot can post in this channel, and it will post every
X amount of hours with a new task to complete.

--- #submissions
Participants will post their submission pictures in this channel. 
Only people with some event staff role will be able to add
reactions in this channel. They will react to valid submissions
with a :one: , :two: , or :three: , after which the bot will
update the users personal score / team score in the database.

In addition to the posts in #tasks, the bot will post in this
channel with a message letting users / event staff know what
the current task is, so it is easy to see if submissions were
posted within the alloted time slot.

--- #results
Every 24 hours, the bot will post in this channel with a
message displaying the rankings of each team, their points, overall
top point contributor from each team.